# PlexiScript

PlexiScript is a CommonScript language designed to build, run, or export UI
applications for all major platforms (and PlexiOS). Eventually, the goal is to
create a complete matrix of building/running on any platform and exporting from
any platform to any platform.

This is still a work in progress and has a few pre-requisites that are not quite
ready yet. Currently the CommonScript compiler is built in C#. However, once
the compiler and runtime are relatively stable, this will be re-written into
CommonScript itself and the compiler will use the Runtime to interpret its own
compiler. This will ensure that any platform that has the runtime will
automatically have a compiler. The runtime itself is built in Pastel, so this
will already run everywhere.

## Libraries and Extensions

The built-in libraries for PlexiScript are located in `libs/`. These are
available for import from any user-compiled PlexiScript code. Primarily these
call into Plexi's CommonScript extensions.

The etensions achieve various platform-specific behaviors. Each platform
implements these functions separately and are injected into the CommonScript
runtime for each of the various platforms supported. These are located in the
`extensions/` directory and separated by platform. A list of all extensions is
in `extensions/manifest.txt`.

## Distributable files and .NET Harness

The `dist/` directory contains the exported version of the CommonScript + Plexi
for each platform. These can be used to build a compiler/interpreter solution
for each platform. The source for each is generated by the files in `templates/`
and assembled by `build.py`. The .NET solution is located separately in
`dotnetharness/`.

TODO: eventually, this should be unified a bit better.

## TODO:

- design for a better modular export matrix to generate exporters in a plug-in
  style for each platform. These should follow a consistent format so that more
  platform combinations don't add more complexity.
- Compiler libraries once the CommonScript compiler is rewritten into itself.
- `build.py` documentation
- Carry over full set of UI extensions and libraries from prototype repo.
